Yes very much become the opening video flew I Battle Spirits part Hello to Good evening to just under 2
I will open one
Last time we arrived on the 6th Cansard for arrival
It was two days of arrival of 8 days 8 days this time though it was
I in the place of the zodiac address is I would like to open
Product name or what
The because any good is
Here of it is diana Fleur in the had been written
This little cacl number is called cp
Since the 9 serial number was written, the contents itself is
Want from the direction of the sleeve of the first Rihanna Fleur Noah and to is will continue to phone opening from the side
is not it
I applied for it at the same time, but I received it two days with Cansard.
say
m will be a very short video white as it was only this opening as in the previous
Live What was that this
kana premium ticket change and better so Well last diana Fleur
Version of
There are four, I feel the same way
Deetto 8 sleeve this is the main item Lian Fleur
And one what Mairi 20 Mairi 200,000 entering the
We and the other one 20 pieces were already gone Komikko applicants
This is one deck
Because
Well probably I will not use it for the time being
If you want to use
Gold pond cs hangover
road
If you are max, I would like to use it
next
4 lines
To
Otte N here
Desun What N
The that contains the
Or
Yes, the third part of this time is also heat in the capital
Ah ah was good here empty skill roll 8 Sengoku transmission Kugel Horn is one mechanism
I am armed
7 Kos 's 3 cases 8 The mechanism is lately popular 6
This spirit paint with effects of 6 lines 800012000 and meeting level 123 without shop
My scan Pete travel is placed effect of opponent's spirit Ultimate grape
I do not receive
Your opponent used a magic card with the effect of your opponent's turn level 23 turn
When the running ability of your 8 spirits is put into a trash to negate its effect
At the Kugelhorn
Koo Geruhoro
Thing that say about Kugel to say whether such emotions
This time with the sky horn and deanafuru this time
Because it is 82 pack, it was an opening animation of your professor piece